My evaluation is based on the final project rubric. I go into peer-review at the end.
I don't type out the names of each category here, but assume each category number
matches the category number on the final project rubric.

1. 5/5 We use fundamental OOD concepts throughout the entire project.
2. 5/5 We used 3 design patterns that are explained and mentioned in
    views_description.txt.
3. 5/5 We use comprehensive unit testing, and get over 95% minimum with mypy.
4. 5/5 UML documention and HTML documentation is complete and generated with make all.
5. 3/5 We managed the project through Github and a group text, we used 2 branches for
    development (I had my own branch that I did all my work in, the other 2 used main)
    and we didn't implement issues on Github.
6. 4/5 We split up labor equally, but did not establish hard and fast rules for who
    would do what at the beginning of the project. All group members were responsive
    and willing to pickup work wherever needed, which was a huge help and a good
    excersise in being flexible with a team.
7. 5/5 Picked a good project to use OOD on, implemented API calling which we covered
    once in the semester.
8. 5/5 All members participated in our presentation and I believe we covered all our
    bases during presentation. We also ran a demo to showcase our project's
    functionality.
9. 5/5 We used 4+1 views to explain our design to the audience, opting to lead with
    that explanation at the beginning of our presentation.
10. 3/10 We used a UI implemented with JavaScript, as well as implemented API calling
    in our project, which I believe deserves some bonus points.

GROUP EVALUATION

Dillon - Was really responsive to our group chat and picked up a lot of work that was
up in the air, for example he did our testing. I had no issues with him and would
be more than willing to work with him again.

Liam - Was also responsive to the group's requests, and covered all our UML
documentation that's part of the makefile without needing to be asked by anyone. I
also had no issus with him and would be more than willing to work with him again.